your-project/README.md, before:

<img src="https://bit.ly/2VnXWr2" alt="Ironhack Logo" width="100"/>

# Title of Your Project
*[Your Name]*

*[Your Cohort, Campus & Date]*

## Content
- [Project Description](#project-description)
- [Rules](#rules)
- [Workflow](#workflow)
- [Organization](#organization)
- [Links](#links)

## Project Description
Write a short description of your project. Write 1-2 sentences about what what you chose to build and why. 

## Rules
Describe briefly the rules of the game you chose. 

## Workflow
Outline the workflow you used in your project. What are the steps you went through?

## Organization
How did you organize your work? Did you use any tools like a trello or kanban board?

What does your repository look like? Explain your folder and file structure.

## Links
Include links to your repository, slides and trello/kanban board. Feel free to include any other links associated with your project. 

[Repository](https://github.com/)  
[Slides](https://slides.com/)  
[Trello](https://trello.com/en)

Commit message:

adding the code and presentation of the mini-project week 1

your-project/README.md, after:

<img src="https://bit.ly/2VnXWr2" alt="Ironhack Logo" width="100"/>

# Message Encryption & Decryption
*Mafalda Fragoso*

*[Data Analytics Bootcamp, Amsterdam & 21/02/2020]*

## Content
- [Project Description](#project-description)
- [Rules](#rules)
- [Workflow](#workflow)
- [Organization](#organization)
- [Links](#links)

## Project Description
Chellenge: Cryptography with Python: communication between two users via coded messages
Method used: Caesar Cipher Cryptography 
 

## Rules
Each letter of plain text is replaced by a letter with some fixed number of positions down with alphabet to be encrypted or decrypted  

## Workflow
1. Research about the game
2. Design of the game structure (pseudocode)
3. Code game
    Creation of a function that asks if users wants to decrypt or encrypt
    Creation of a function that returns the message (clear text or encrypted)
    Creation of a function that applies decryption or encryption methods 
    Print resulting message
4. Error handling
5. Test game


## Organization
Project planning on the trello board
In my repository you will find the Python file with the coding and the presentation in power point. Within the presentation, you will find the trello baord picture


## Links
